The BSP algorithm, short for Binary Space Partitioning, is a technique commonly used in computer graphics 
to quickly determine whether a point is inside or outside a polygon (or any geometric shape).

The algorithm works by partitioning the space around the polygon into smaller regions using planes, 
and then recursively dividing these regions into smaller ones until each region contains only one polygon. 
This creates a binary tree, where each node represents a region and contains a plane that partitions the region into two sub-regions.

Now, let's take a look at the code you provided. This code implements a Point class that represents a 2D point with fixed precision. 
The bsp function is used to determine whether a given point is inside a triangle or not.

The algorithm used in the bsp function is actually a simple one, not the full BSP algorithm. It works as follows:

Compute the areas of the three triangles formed by the given point and each pair of vertices of the triangle.
If the sum of the areas of these triangles is equal to the area of the triangle, then the point is inside the triangle. Otherwise, it is outside.
This algorithm works because the area of a triangle is proportional to the distance from a point to its vertices. 
If the sum of the areas of the triangles formed by the given point and each pair of vertices is equal to the area of the triangle, 
then the point is inside the triangle.

So, to answer your question, the full BSP algorithm was not used in this code, but rather a simpler algorithm based on the areas of triangles.

To compute the areas of the three triangles formed by the given point and each pair of vertices of the triangle, we can use the Shoelace formula, also known as the Surveyor's formula.

The Shoelace formula is a mathematical algorithm used to determine the area of a polygon given the coordinates of its vertices. 
The formula is based on the idea of breaking down the polygon into triangles, 
computing the area of each triangle, and summing up the areas to get the total area of the polygon.

In this case, to compute the area of the triangle formed by the given point and two vertices, 
we use the coordinates of the three points to calculate the determinant of a matrix as follows:

| x1 y1 1 |
| x2 y2 1 | = (x1y2 + x3y1 + x2y3 - x3y2 - x2y1 - x1y3) / 2
| x3 y3 1 |

where (x1, y1), (x2, y2), and (x3, y3) are the coordinates of the three points.

We apply this formula to each pair of vertices of the triangle and the given point to get the areas of the three triangles, 
and then we check if the sum of the areas of the three triangles is equal to the area of the original triangle. 
If it is, then the point is inside the triangle; otherwise, it is outside.

The formula used in the s function is the 2D cross product formula.

If we have two 2D vectors: v1 = (x1, y1) and v2 = (x2, y2), then their cross product is defined as:
v1 x v2 = x1 * y2 - x2 * y1



The s function is computing the cross product of two vectors formed by each point 
and a common point (p3 in this case). So, the cross product of (p1 - p3) and (p2 - p3) is computed as follows:
s = (p1.getX() - p3.getX()) * (p2.getY() - p3.getY()) - (p2.getX() - p3.getX()) * (p1.getY() - p3.getY())

This expression gives the signed area of the parallelogram formed by the two vectors, 
which is positive if p1p2 makes a counterclockwise turn around p3, 
negative if it makes a clockwise turn, and zero if the points are collinear.

To use this in the bsp function, we compute the signed areas of the three triangles 
formed by the point and each pair of vertices of the triangle, 
and then check if they all have the same sign (i.e., the point is inside the triangle) or not.



the s() function is a variation of the same formula used to determine if a point is inside a triangle.

The formula used in the s() function computes the signed area of a triangle given three points, 
where the sign of the area is positive if the vertices are ordered counterclockwise 
and negative if they are ordered clockwise. This formula is used to 
calculate the signed area of each of the three triangles formed by a given point and the vertices of a triangle.

The bsp() function then checks the signs of these three areas to determine 
if the point is inside the triangle or not. If the signs are all positive or negative, then the point is inside the triangle.

Sure, let's walk through an example. Consider the following three points that form a triangle in a 2D coordinate system:

mathematica
Copy code
Point A: (0, 0)
Point B: (4, 0)
Point C: (2, 3)
Now let's say we want to check if the point P(2, 1) is inside or outside of this triangle.

To do this, we will use the bsp() function. The bsp() function takes four points as input - the three vertices of the triangle and the point we want to check. So in our case, we will call the function as follows:

css
Copy code
bool isInside = bsp(A, B, C, P);
Now let's look at how the bsp() function works.

First, the s() function is called three times to compute the signed area of three triangles formed by the point P and the three vertices A, B, and C. Here is what the s() function does with these input points:

s(P, A, B): This function calculates the signed area of triangle PAB. 
Using the input points, the function calculates x1 = 2 - 0, y1 = 1 - 0, x2 = 4 - 0, y2 = 0 - 0, x3 = 0 - 2, and y3 = 0 - 1. 
Plugging these values into the formula we get:

s(P, A, B) = (2 - 0)*(0 - 0) - (4 - 0)*(1 - 0) = -4
s(P, B, C): This function calculates the signed area of triangle PBC. Using the input points, the function calculates x1 = 2 - 4, y1 = 1 - 0, x2 = 2 - 2, y2 = 3 - 0, x3 = 4 - 2, and y3 = 0 - 3. Plugging these values into the formula we get:
scss
Copy code
s(P, B, C) = (2 - 4)*(3 - 0) - (2 - 2)*(1 - 0) = 6
s(P, C, A): This function calculates the signed area of triangle PCA. Using the input points, the function calculates x1 = 2 - 2, y1 = 1 - 3, x2 = 0 - 2, y2 = 0 - 3, x3 = 2 - 0, and y3 = 3 - 0. Plugging these values into the formula we get:
scss
Copy code
s(P, C, A) = (2 - 2)*(0 - 3) - (0 - 2)*(1 - 3) = -6
Now we have the signed areas of the three triangles formed by P and the three vertices A, B, and C. 
To determine if P is inside the triangle, we need to check if the signs of these three areas are all positive or all negative. 
If they are, then P is inside the triangle. If not, then P is outside the triangle. Here is how this check is done in the bsp() function: